Add autosave_ignore_filetypes option (#23)
Shatur/neovim-session-manager: README.md

  autoload_mode = require('session_manager.config').AutoloadMode.LastSession, -- Define what to do when Neovim is started without arguments. Possible values: Disabled, CurrentDir, LastSession
  autosave_last_session = true, -- Automatically save last session on exit and on session switch.

>   autosave_ignore_not_normal = true, -- Plugin will not save a session when no writable and listed buffers are opened.
>   autosave_ignore_filetypes = { -- These filetypes will be ignored when autosaving; works best with autosave_ignore_not_normal = true

Reviewer: I would also slightly edit this one:
```suggestion
  autosave_ignore_not_normal = true, -- Plugin will not save a session when no buffers are opened, or all of them aren't writable or listed.
  autosave_ignore_filetypes = { -- All buffers of these file types will be closed before the session is saved.
```
